README.md, before:

# ooniprobe for Android

This application requires Android Studio. In any case, before opening the
project with Android Studio, make sure you download the dependencies using
the project `Makefile`. Before you can do this, you should install the
GPG key with which binaries are signed. Binaries are digitally signed by
Simone Basso using a PGP key with ID `7733D95B` and fingerprint
(`7388 77AA 6C82 9F26 A431 C5F4 80B6 9127 7733 D95B`) or by Lorenzo Primiterra using a PGP key with ID `ECEB9D12` and
fingerprint (`1191 0C85 CD8C D493 8DFA  17F7 AA09 A57A ECEB 9D12`). You can fetch this
key using gpg using the following command:

```bash
gpg --recv-keys 7733D95B ECEB9D12
```

After this step, you can proceed with automatically downloading binaries
and verifying their digital signatures using this command:

```
make unpack
```

If the signature is correct, the above command will install the JNI
libaries inside the `src/main/` folder. Specifically, the following paths
are affected by that command:

- app/src/main/jniLibs: added with Measurement Kit jniLibs compiled for
  several Android architectures inside it

- app/src/main/java/org/openobservatory/measurement_kit/jni/: added with Java files
  corresponding to the jniLibs


All the added files should be recognized by Android Studio.

## Building an apk

* Ensure you have Android Studio and gradle installed

On macOS you can do:

```
brew cask install android-studio
```

Then you should open the project in Android Studio and click on build.

The built apk will end up inside of `app/build/outputs/apk/`.

If you wish to test the apk inside of an emulator this can be done with
(assuming you have created an emulator named
`Nexus_5_API_23_marshmallow_6.0`):

```
~/Library/Android/sdk/tools/emulator -avd Nexus_5_API_23_marshmallow_6.0
~/Library/Android/sdk/platform-tools/adb install app/build/outputs/apk/app-debug.apk
```

The app should then be installed inside of the emulator `Nexus_5_API_23_marshmallow_6.0`.

Commit message:

Add play store links and title

README.md, after:

![ooniprobe android](assets/title.png)

This is the android version of [ooniprobe](https://ooni.torproject.org/).

Download it on the [Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.openobservatory.ooniprobe).

[![](assets/play-store-badge.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.openobservatory.ooniprobe)

This application requires Android Studio. In any case, before opening the
project with Android Studio, make sure you download the dependencies using
the project `Makefile`. Before you can do this, you should install the
GPG key with which binaries are signed. Binaries are digitally signed by
Simone Basso using a PGP key with ID `7733D95B` and fingerprint
(`7388 77AA 6C82 9F26 A431 C5F4 80B6 9127 7733 D95B`) or by Lorenzo Primiterra using a PGP key with ID `ECEB9D12` and
fingerprint (`1191 0C85 CD8C D493 8DFA  17F7 AA09 A57A ECEB 9D12`). You can fetch this
key using gpg using the following command:

```bash
gpg --recv-keys 7733D95B ECEB9D12
```

After this step, you can proceed with automatically downloading binaries
and verifying their digital signatures using this command:

```
make unpack
```

If the signature is correct, the above command will install the JNI
libaries inside the `src/main/` folder. Specifically, the following paths
are affected by that command:

- app/src/main/jniLibs: added with Measurement Kit jniLibs compiled for
  several Android architectures inside it

- app/src/main/java/org/openobservatory/measurement_kit/jni/: added with Java files
  corresponding to the jniLibs


All the added files should be recognized by Android Studio.

## Building an apk

* Ensure you have Android Studio and gradle installed

On macOS you can do:

```
brew cask install android-studio
```

Then you should open the project in Android Studio and click on build.

The built apk will end up inside of `app/build/outputs/apk/`.

If you wish to test the apk inside of an emulator this can be done with
(assuming you have created an emulator named
`Nexus_5_API_23_marshmallow_6.0`):

```
~/Library/Android/sdk/tools/emulator -avd Nexus_5_API_23_marshmallow_6.0
~/Library/Android/sdk/platform-tools/adb install app/build/outputs/apk/app-debug.apk
```

The app should then be installed inside of the emulator `Nexus_5_API_23_marshmallow_6.0`.
